Dear Decision maker ; Your email address has been submitted 
to us indicating your interest in our briefing . We 
will comply with all removal requests . This mail is 
being sent in compliance with Senate bill 2616 ; Title 
4 ; Section 309 . This is NOT unsolicited bulk mail 
. Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 29 WEEKS ! Have you ever noticed how many people 
you know are on the Internet plus the baby boomers 
are more demanding than their parents ! Well, now is 
your chance to capitalize on this ! WE will help YOU 
SELL MORE and increase customer response by 160% . 
You can begin at absolutely no cost to you . But don't 
believe us ! Ms Ames of Kentucky tried us and says 
"I was skeptical but it worked for me" ! We are licensed 
to operate in all states . Do not delay - order today 
! Sign up a friend and you'll get a discount of 10% 
. God Bless ! Dear Internet user , This letter was 
specially selected to be sent to you . If you no longer 
wish to receive our publications simply reply with 
a Subject: of "REMOVE" and you will immediately be 
removed from our mailing list ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 7 
, Section 303 ! This is not multi-level marketing ! 
Why work for somebody else when you can become rich 
in 63 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed most everyone 
has a cellphone & nearly every commercial on television 
has a .com on in it . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . WE will help YOU sell more & decrease perceived 
waiting time by 180% ! You can begin at absolutely 
no cost to you ! But don't believe us ! Prof Simpson 
of Washington tried us and says "Now I'm rich, Rich, 
RICH" ! We are licensed to operate in all states . 
For the sake of your family order now . Sign up a friend 
and you'll get a discount of 40% . God Bless . Dear 
Cybercitizen , Especially for you - this red-hot announcement 
. This is a one time mailing there is no need to request 
removal if you won't want any more ! This mail is being 
sent in compliance with Senate bill 2416 , Title 7 
; Section 309 ! THIS IS NOT A GET RICH SCHEME . Why 
work for somebody else when you can become rich in 
11 MONTHS . Have you ever noticed people are much more 
likely to BUY with a credit card than cash & most everyone 
has a cellphone . Well, now is your chance to capitalize 
on this . We will help you decrease perceived waiting 
time by 140% & SELL MORE ! The best thing about our 
system is that it is absolutely risk free for you . 
But don't believe us ! Mr Ames who resides in Rhode 
Island tried us and says "I was skeptical but it worked 
for me" . We assure you that we operate within all 
applicable laws ! DO NOT DELAY - order today ! Sign 
up a friend and you get half off . God Bless . 